Update README.md (#284)
CosmWasm/sylvia: README.md

# Sylvia Framework

Sylvia, named after the Spirit of the Wood and the Roman goddess of the forest, is more than a mythological figure.

It's a robust framework designed to streamline your journey into the CosmWasm smart contracts world. Sylvia offers an abstraction-focused and scalable solution, allowing you to delve into the Cosmos ecosystem with ease. 

Our toolset ensures that instead of getting entangled in the raw structure of your contracts, you focus on crafting them in idiomatic Rust, letting Cargo handle the rest.

Discover more about `sylvia` in [the book](https://cosmwasm.github.io/sylvia-book/index.html)

## The Approach

The [CosmWasm](https://cosmwasm.com/) ecosystem lays the foundational blocks for smart contracts:

> [cosmwasm-std](https://crates.io/crates/cosmwasm-std) for essential CW bindings, [cw-storage-plus](https://crates.io/crates/cw-storage-plus) for simplified state management, and [cw-multi-test](https://crates.io/crates/cw-multi-test) for effiecient testing. Built atop these, the Sylvia framework liberates you from the intricacies of the message structures, , API serialization, and message dispatching. Your contract's API becomes a suite of traits implemented on your SC type, while Sylvia seamlessly generates entry point structures and message dispatching functions, alongside multi-test helpers for an enhanced development experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[cosmwasm-std](https://crates.io/crates/cosmwasm-std) for essential CW bindings, [cw-storage-plus](https://crates.io/crates/cw-storage-plus) for simplified state management, and [cw-multi-test](https://crates.io/crates/cw-multi-test) for effiecient testing. Built atop these, the Sylvia framework liberates you from the intricacies of the message structures, API serialization, and message dispatching. Your contract's API becomes a suite of traits implemented on your SC type, while Sylvia seamlessly generates entry point structures and message dispatching functions, alongside multi-test helpers for an enhanced development experience.
```

`dev-dependencies`, and also add the `mt` feature on your contract, which enables
mt utilities in other contract tests. An example `Cargo.toml`:

Sylvia enhances your smart contract testing experince by providing specialized testing utilities, conveniently accesible under the `mt`(multi-test) feature flag. This feature is instrumental in creating a robus and reliable testing enviroment for your contracts.

### Setting Up the Multi-test feature

> To leverage Sylvia's multi-test capabilities, you must enable the `mt` feature. However, it's crucial to note that this feature should not be active when building your contract for the Wasm target. This precaution is due to certain dependencies in the `mt` feature that are incompatible with Wasm builds. To circumvent this, it's recommended to include Sulvia with the `mt` feature enabled in your `dev-depencies`. This setup allows you to utilize the multi-test utilities in your contract tests without affecting the Wasm build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To leverage Sylvia's multi-test capabilities, you must enable the `mt` feature. However, it's crucial to note that this feature should not be active when building your contract for the Wasm target. This precaution is due to certain dependencies in the `mt` feature that are incompatible with Wasm builds. To circumvent this, it's recommended to include Sylvia with the `mt` feature enabled in your `dev-dependencies`. This setup allows you to utilize the multi-test utilities in your contract tests without affecting the Wasm build.
```
